Hello, and welcome to the final tutorial
of data preprocessing.
We finally completed all the steps
that there is to do to prepare any data set
on which we will build our machine learning models
and now what we only need to do left is to prepare
the data preprocessing template
because we learnt a few stuff,
we learnt how to import the libraries,
to import the data set, to take care of missing data,
to encode categorical data, to split the data set
into the training set and the test set,
and to apply future scaling
to put all of our variable on the same scale.
However in the data preprocessing template,
we're not going to include all of these.
We are only going to include the importing the libraries,
then of course you need to import the data set,
then regarding missing data,
I just wanted to show you how to take care of that
in case you have some missing data in your data set,
you know in your work.
So we are not going to include this in the template
it's just good to know how to take care of this,
but then we will focus
on the machine learning models themselves
and if in your work experience you encounter missing data,
you know how to handle this any missing data issues.
Then as for categorical data we won't include it
either in the template because we're gonna find
very few examples of data where we have to encode the data
there will be some examples,
but we won't include it in the templates
because our data sets are gonna be well prepared
so that we can mainly focus on the machine learning models
and get the maximum fun.
And then, of course we will include this in the templates
bringing the data set into the training set
and the test set, because that's a very important step.
You need to split your data set between training and test
because you need to evaluate your model on a different set
than the set on which you built your model.
And future scaling,
sometimes we'll have to use future scaling.
Okay so let's start making the templates,
it's gonna be very quick.
Alright, so what did we say?
Importing the libraries?
Yes!
We keep it.
Importing the data set?
Yes!
That's a compulsory step, if we don't import the data set
we cannot make any machinery models,
because the model won't have anything to learn.
Then taking care of missing data,
okay that was just to show you
so we are going to remove this.
Alright, now encoding categorical data
okay so we will encounter very few examples
where we will need to encode categorical data.
So, same for the missing data we're going to
exclude it from the template,
and I put it in a separate file.
Okay, so the template is getting ready,
of course we're keeping the sections, splitting the data set
into the training set and the test set,
that's absolutely necessary.
There will be one or two examples where we won't do it
because the context will be quite particular
but in general you will need to do this.
And finally future scaling,
so, the template is ready we can save it.
I already called data preprocessing template
so what we'll do at the beginning
of every machine learning model,
is that we will take all of these
from this data preprocessing template Python file,
copy this, and we will put it at the beginning
of our machine learning models
before building the model itself.
Alright, so that's it for Python,
the data preprocessing template is ready.
I can't wait to show you how it will save us a lot of time
to make our machine learning models.
This was the boring part, but a very important part to do
so, that's great that we did it,
and now it's time to have fun.
So thank you for watching this data preprocessing tutorials,
congratulations for completing this part.
You are now ready to make machine learning models,
and I look forward to seeing you in the next part.
Until then, enjoy machine learning.